template-update (#236)
redhat-documentation/modular-docs: modular-docs-manual/files/TEMPLATE_ASSEMBLY_a-collection-of-modules.adoc

ifdef::context[:parent-context: {context}]

////
Metadata attribute that will help enable correct parsing and conversion to the appropriate DITA element.
////
:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY

////
 Base the file name and the ID on the assembly title. For example:
* file name: assembly-my-user-story.adoc
* ID: [id="assembly-my-user-story_{context}"]
* Title: = My user story

> The ID is an anchor that links to the module. Avoid changing it after the module has been published to ensure existing links are not broken. Include {context} in the ID so the assembly can be reused.

Reviewer: I know this is not a part that you've authored, but I don't understand this sentence: "The ID is an anchor that links to the module." The word anchor is redundant, and the ID itself does not link anything to anywhere. ID is a unique identifier that can be used to reference this module.

It might be worth mentioning that there are notable restrictions to what constitutes a valid ID. Letters with diacritic marks aside (like `Ř`, which is allowed):

- An ID can only start with with a lower-case or upper-case letter, an underscore, or a colon. It cannot start with a number.
- An ID can only contain alphanumeric characters, underscores, colons, minus signs, periods, and believe or not, middle dots (`·`).

The only reason it can contain curly braces is because these get resolved and replaced with the attribute values. If they are left in, the IDs are invalid.

Author: Replaced the first sentance: ID is a unique identifier that can be used to reference this module. In all files.

////
[id="assembly-my-user-story_{context}"]
= My user story

////

> Be sure to include a line break between the title and the :context: variable and the :context: variable and the assembly introduction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Be sure to include empty lines between the title, the :context: attribute definition, and the assembly introduction.
```

Reviewer 2: Be sure to include empty lines between the title, the `:context:` attribute definition, and the assembly introduction.

> 

Reviewer: The following line is the first time the instructions refer to lines above them. I find this confusing, it would make more sense to me to move this information to the comment above the ID and section title.

Reviewer: Similarly, the explanation of the `:context:` attribute would make more sense in this place, above the actual `:context:` attribute definition.

Reviewer: And as GitHub won't let me comment on those lines, all instructions regarding include statements would make more sense above the include statements, including the one about the empty line in between them. It would allow you to demonstrate that principle clearly without the includes being consistently interrupted with additional information.

Author: Done.

ifdef::context[:parent-context: {context}]

////

> Indicates that this file is an assembly:

Reviewer 3: +1 Metadata attribute that will help enable correct parsing and conversion to the appropriate DITA element when we're ready.

////
:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY

////
 Base the file name and the ID on the assembly title. For example:
* file name: assembly-my-user-story.adoc
* ID: [id="assembly-my-user-story_{context}"]
* Title: = My user story

> The ID is an anchor that links to the module. Avoid changing it after the module has been published to ensure existing links are not broken. Include {context} in the ID so the assembly can be reused.

Reviewer 3: with "avoid changing it after the module has been published" - is it worth pointing out that you can specify multiple IDs here, all of which should work as anchors? Not sure what will be used as the default when building, though.

Reviewer: Just to be clear, you cannot specify multiple IDs for a section, not by duplicating the attribute block as that is not how any of the output formats work. If you need to change the ID after the module has been published but want old links to still work with the old ID, you need to add what AsciiDoc calls [an auxiliary IDs](https://docs.asciidoctor.org/asciidoc/latest/sections/custom-ids/#assign-auxiliary-ids), for example:

```AsciiDoc
[id="assembly-my-user-story_{context}"]
= My user story[[assembly-my-original-user-story_{context}]][[assembly-my-even-older-user-story_{context}]]
```

When converted, these are not treated the same way as the section id. Instead, additional anchors are inserted next to the section heading:

```Shell
$ cat <<-EOF | asciidoctor - -eo -
> [id="assembly-my-user-story"]
> == My user story[[assembly-my-original-user-story]]
> 
> Text here.
> EOF
```
```HTML
<div class="sect1">
  <h2 id="assembly-my-user-story">My user story<a id="assembly-my-original-user-story"></a></h2>
  <div class="sectionbody">
    <div class="paragraph">
      <p>Text here.</p>
    </div>
  </div>
</div>
```

Note that AsciiDoctor internally does not keep track of auxiliary IDs and will report a warning if you use it within a cross reference. Cross references should only ever use section IDs.

// Add a blank line after each 'include::' statement.

include::modules/TEMPLATE_PROCEDURE_reference-material.adoc[leveloffset=2]
include::modules/TEMPLATE_PROCEDURE_reference-material.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

[role="_additional-resources"]
== Next steps

* This section is optional.
* Provide a bulleted list of links that contain instructions that might be useful to the user after they complete this procedure.
* Use an unnumbered bullet (*) if the list includes only one step.
* Provide information about the next steps the user might want to take.
* This section can include text and links. 

// If the last module included in your assembly contains an Additional resources section as well, check the appearance of the rendered assembly. If the two Additional resources sections might be confusing for a reader, consider consolidating their content and removing one of them.

[role="_additional-resources"]
== Additional resources

* This section is optional.
* Provide a bulleted list of links to other closely-related material. These links can include `link:` and `xref:` macros.
* Use an unnumbered bullet (*) if the list includes only one step.

////

> Restore the context to what it was before this assembly.

Reviewer: Similar to above, I would place it above the section title, not in between it and the bullet points.

Author: Really? The comment 'Restore the context to what it was before this assembly.'? Or did you mean something else?

Reviewer: I either misclicked when adding this comment or it got moved with the latest changes. I was referring to the comment about deleting the Additional resources section if not needed.
